feat: add custom playback configuration (#10)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-react-native: README.md

> :warning: **Beta Version**: The library is under active development. The current Beta release supports basic playback of unprotected video assets.

- [Bitmovin Player React Native](#bitmovin-player-react-native)
  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Add package dependency](#add-package-dependency)
    - [Setup iOS Player SDK](#setup-ios-player-sdk)
    - [Setup Android Player SDK](#setup-android-player-sdk)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [Setting up a license key](#setting-up-a-license-key)
      - [Configuring through code](#configuring-through-code)

>     - [Setting up a playback configurations](#setting-up-a-playback-configurations)

Reviewer: Please, rename this section. It has some mistakes.

```suggestion
    - [Setting up the playback configuration](#setting-up-the-playback-configuration)
```

      - [Configuring through code](#configuring-through-code-1)
      - [Configuring `Info.plist`](#configuring-infoplist)

>       - [Configuring `AndroidManifest.xml`](#configuring-androidmanifestxml)

Reviewer: Those two topics are related to the `Setting up a license key` section, not the playback configuration.

Reviewer: Please, move them back to the `Setting up a license key` section just the way it was.

});
```

### Setting up a playback configurations

If needed, the default player behavior can be configured through the `playbackConfig` key when initialized.

```typescript

> // Simply pass the `playbackConfig` property to `PlaybackConfig` when instantiating a player.

Reviewer 2: ```
// Simply pass the `playbackConfig` property to `PlayerConfig` when instantiating a player.
```
This should be the `PlayerConfig` or? 🤔 
(cc @pogist)

Reviewer: yes, that should be `PlayerConfig`

});
```

### Setting up a playback configurations

> If you need more option to playback configuration you can add new parameter `playbackConfig`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If needed, the default player behavior can be configured through the `playbackConfig` key when initialized.
```

> #### Configuring through code

Reviewer: You can remove this sub-section since it is the only one present under the main headline.

```suggestion
```

```typescript
// Simply pass the `playbackConfig` property to `PlaybackConfig` when instantiating a player.

// With hooks
import { usePlayer } from 'bitmovin-player-react-native';
const player = usePlayer({
  playbackConfig: {

>     // Optionally isAutoplayEnabled: Specifies whether autoplay is enabled. Default is false.

Reviewer: Repeating the prop names in comments feels a little bit cumbersome here. You can just leave the description and default value.

```suggestion
    // Specifies whether the playback starts immediately after loading a source or not. Default is false.
```

    isAutoplayEnabled: true,

>     // Optionally isMuted: Specifies if the player should start muted. Default is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Specifies if playback starts muted. Default is false.
```

    isMuted: true,

>     // Optionally isTimeShiftEnabled: Specifies if time shifting (during live streaming) should be enabled. Default is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Specifies if time shift for live streamings should be enabled. Default is true.
```

    isTimeShiftEnabled: true,

>     // Optionally isBackgroundPlaybackEnabled: Specifies if isBackgroundPlaybackEnabled should be enabled. Only in iOS. Default is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Whether background playback is enabled or not. Default is false.
    // Only available for iOS.
```
